Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to use
this uh model with image edit subscript
using an image as output. Write your
blob and get to output. Okay, let's
Okay, first thing first, open the camp
UI. Go right here and run it.
Okay, now let's go to the play want to
use this motor.
Okay. Text video this one.
Okay. Uh this model is queen image edit
subcraft model. This med model is you
must download this
to use this model. Okay.
You can download from here by clicking
this button download and download link
is begin or you can copy URL and open
the ETM internet and the download
manager and add URL right here and click
start download.org
Then the downloading is begin for me. I
already download those files. Okay. See,
let's put one by one.
Okay.
Let's go down right here.
Add new frame
right here. Go to downloads.
Now in the confi folder, we have to go
here to confi after search for modus.
And let's put those files. Okay. The
first one is queen image v in the v.
What is
the model is
image
port right here.
Second one text encoder queen 2.5
ro model is
queen five. This is a text encoder.
Let's return right here. Diffusion model
queen
uh image edit.
Diffusion model is
search for queen model edit.
Not lightning.
Okay, this one FP8.
And the final one,
Loras Queen
for steps.
Let's search for Loras
and Boom to find one.
Okay, I think the first step is done.
Now let's move the second row of the
page and let's see.
Okay, how to use this mode? You have to
put here image right here and equit
with the prompt you can change any as
you can see you can change the
background of the image or please sync
something or changing character in the
image. Okay, let's make it this and
let's see what's different we have.
Okay, I want to use this image for test.
Okay, let's see. I want to use this
image, this little girl. Okay, I want to
change it uh this background to sci-fi
background using uh this road
uh that I get from JBT. Okay, and let's
see what's happening. And the results
uh as you can see uh it's changed uh the
image completely and the prompt not
change the person P
remain the same but here the result is
not good. Okay, this is a test of this
uh model. Thank you guys for watching
this all for this tutorial. See you
later on in the next tutorial.